Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!
What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Why don’t skeletons fight each other? They don’t have the guts!
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised!
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired!
What do you call a factory that makes good products? A satisfactory!
Why did the math book look sad? Because it had too many problems!
How do you organize a space party? You planet!
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one!
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear!
Why can’t you give Elsa a balloon? Because she will let it go!
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator!
Why was the computer cold? It left its Windows open!
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing!
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together!
Why did the chicken join a band? Because it had the drumsticks!
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated!
Why do seagulls fly over the ocean? Because if they flew over the bay, they’d be bagels!
Why was the math teacher suspicious of prime numbers? Because they were acting odd!
What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? An irrelephant!
Why don’t programmers like nature? It has too many bugs!
What do you call a snowman with a six-pack? An abdominal snowman!
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged!
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner!
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
Why don’t oysters share their pearls? Because they’re shellfish!
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? Because it felt crummy!
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
Why was the belt arrested? For holding up a pair of pants!
How does a scientist freshen her breath? With experi-mints!
Why did the stadium get hot after the game? All of the fans left!
What did the zero say to the eight? Nice belt!
Why did the skeleton go to the party alone? Because he had no body to go with him!
What did one plate say to another plate? Lunch is on me!
Why don’t some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don’t work out!
What do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire? Frostbite!
Why did the student eat his homework? Because the teacher said it was a piece of cake!
What did the grape do when it got stepped on? Nothing, it just let out a little wine!
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom? Because the “P” is silent!
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? A pouch potato!
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed!
What did one hat say to the other? You stay here, I’ll go on ahead!
Why did the scarecrow win a Nobel Prize? Because he was out standing in his field!
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A labracadabrador!
Why did the man put his money in the blender? Because he wanted to make some liquid assets!
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener!
