Why don’t we play hide and seek? Because good luck hiding when I’m coming for you!
What’s the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms? One’s a Goodyear, and the other’s a great year!
Why do women always have sex on their minds? Because they’re just thinking about the last time they got laid!
Why did the boy bring a ladder to the bar? He heard the drinks were on the house!
Why did the man get kicked out of the bar? He tried to buy a drink with a coupon!
What’s the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream!
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it…and hope it doesn’t sneeze!
Why did the girl bring a pencil to bed? She wanted to draw the curtains!
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything, even excuses!
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one... but he still didn’t have a hole in his heart!
Why do men like to watch football? Because it’s the only time they get to see a bunch of guys tackle each other!
What do you call a woman who has lost 95% of her intelligence? Divorced!
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well, but it really just wanted to get laid!
What’s the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer? A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again!
What did the farmer say after he lost his tractor? “Where’s my tractor?!”
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field—just like I’ll be with you later!
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side... and check if I was home!
Why do squirrels swim on their backs? To keep their nuts dry!
What do you get when you mix a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite... that can really leave a mark!
How can you tell if a man is well-hung? He’s got a job that requires a belt!
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved... and one of them winked!
Why are ghosts so bad at lying? Because you can see right through them, just like I can see through your excuses!
Why don’t some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don’t work out—especially if they’re lifting each other!
Why did the computer go to the doctor? It had a virus… and it wasn’t just in the system!
What’s the difference between a woman and a computer? You can’t punch a computer and expect it to get better!
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it—just like I’m good at hiding my feelings!
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool? Bob!
What did the girl say when she got a new job as a bank teller? “I hope it pays well—I’ve got a lot of bills to pay off!”
Why don’t women like to play hide and seek? Because good luck hiding when they’re always found!
Why did the man put his money in the blender? He wanted to make some liquid assets to go with his cocktails!
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair? Virgin Mobile!
Why did the guy bring a pencil to the bar? He wanted to draw attention to himself!
Why did the baker go to jail? Because he got caught with too many doughnuts!
What’s the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bike? Attire!
Why did the skeleton go to the party alone? Because he had no body to go with him—just like I’ll be if you keep ignoring me!
Why don’t you ever see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it—they’re always “trunking” around!
What do you call a woman who has a lot of problems? A single mother!
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? Breasts don’t have eyes!
What did one butt cheek say to the other? “Together, we can stop this crap!”
Why did the woman bring a ladder to the bar? She heard the drinks were on the house, and she wanted to get laid!
What do you call a bad joke? A pun-ishment!
Why did the mermaid get kicked out of the bar? Because she kept giving everyone fishy looks!
What’s the difference between a politician and a flying pig? The pig is a little more honest!
Why did the couple go to therapy? They needed help getting it up—emotionally, of course!
